let me say real quick what we're doing
Jeremiah got a new toy he got it in on
trade it's a big 3 meter glider and we
have a set up with fpv I'm doing some
other stuff and honestly we're just out
having fun filming today but we wanted
to catch we wanted to catch this mate
and see what happens it'll be
interesting he hasn't flown gliders that
much and I just stopped the whole
process because I want to make sure to
get pictures of it before he launches so
alright so we're out I think this thing
is called a zdk it's a glider I don't
know much about gliders and I have only
flown maybe two other ones Matt had one
so we got this in on a trade and built
it up through some gear on it we're just
kind of fun today and by finally me and
we'll see if we can get it to fly
not gonna know long
hey she blew I'm happy about that I
don't really know much about gliders
that's why we're doing this here today
she actually feel pretty good now if I
had put on I forgot to connect her to
put the fpv gear on but i'm excited
about getting it in the air and just
kind of poking around because all I
needed about was quarter throttle and
she was she was doing fine kinda looks
like Adolf Hitler but I don't really
think you were going for that is this a
German aircraft polish a thing polish
oh boy that doesn't mix
all right so we got a four thousand
milliamp 3s pack in here we're running
the same motor combo that we put in the
specter and 1/8 for carbon prop so I
think maybe we could go a little bit
bigger on the prop area I think the
battery size is probably plenty enough
for what we're going to do with this for
fpv in a little simple sore it doesn't
really feel like it slows down all that
well in the air even when you're off
power it doesn't really want to float so
you have to play with some different
battery combos and kind of see but hey
it flew we didn't crash it and I think a
little mail and go up and get another
chance to fly again
you